so on board naval ships and submarines. Also, the commanding officer is
at the top of the organizational command. Below him is an executive
officer. Well, the executive officer are multiple department heads.
One of the department heads is a chief engineer. The chief engineer
is responsible for all propulsion heating, liked water, which everything
that it takes to make a ship or suffering go for because maybe
ships we go forward. Navy ships, Navy aircraft, go for we fight forward,
not designed to go in reverse, decide to go forward into the
line of battle. So, as a chief engineer, by responsibility, I had 150
men assigned to bay on the USS Ticonderoga had an operational annual
operational budget of about 30 million. And all told on the equipment
infrastructure, if you will, I'd say that ship was worth that.
I was responsible for about $750 million. So that's what we do. Is chief
engineer is keep the ship running in on, uh, locally, we I would
say I was the person the guy responsible for getting the ship from
point A to point B. That's what I did on board the ship